[Book] Fix some typos, change a little bit of formatting and wording (#86)
leudz/shipyard: book/src/fundamentals/get-and-modify.md

});
```

[`get`](https://docs.rs/shipyard/latest/shipyard/trait.Get.html#tymethod.get) will return a `&T` when used with a [`&View<T>`](https://docs.rs/shipyard/latest/shipyard/struct.View.html) and a `&mut T` with a [`&mut ViewMut<T>`](https://docs.rs/shipyard/latest/shipyard/struct.ViewMut.html).
You can also get a `&T` from a [`ViewMut<T>`](https://docs.rs/shipyard/latest/shipyard/struct.ViewMut.html), which is why we have to explicitly get a mutable borrow on `u32s`.

> If you're certain that an entity has the desired component, you can access it directly via index when using single views:

Reviewer: I think the single view should come first since it's very important.
```suggestion
When using a single view, if you're certain that an entity has the desired component, you can access it directly via index:
```
